I heard they steal people's keys and
throw them out the woods it's like it's
kind of like a hippie commune but I'm
rock hippy copy you too baby
everyone knows about skatopia know that
there's some weird something going back
on in the woods over there he's gonna
hump some gas get high and shoot his
woman and that this is the the place
where you know this shit happens
yeah there's no you know buggin we way
of you know explaining it's just it's
it's the place that the comic get
fucking shit-faced you not know what the
fuck we doing the next day
this ain't no MTV shit this is should
this happen when it's had it's real for
real there ain't no need pad just
fucking how much fucking balls to the
wall fuck it all style here
after slowing down progress standing
around beat it yeah Bruce the guy who
owns it I don't know how he bought all
that acreage she's got a cheap old farm
land yes people come from all over to
cunt you all over the world I've heard
it's basically a dream come true the
American dream
I have government